Adding docs for syncable exports (#1691)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_exporting-a-content-view-version-syncable.adoc

[id="Exporting_a_Content_View_Version_in_a_Syncable_Format_{context}"]
= Exporting a Content View Version in a Syncable Format

> You can export a version of a Content View to a syncabe format that you can use to create your custom CDN and synchronize the content from the custom CDN over HTTP/HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export a version of a Content View to a syncable format that you can use to create your custom CDN and synchronize the content from the custom CDN over HTTP/HTTPS.
```

ifdef::satellite[]

> You can then serve the generated content via a local webserver on the importing {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should keep this sentence for more builds than just Satellite. This feature is available in community products as well, isn't it?

You cannot directly import Syncable Format exports. Instead, on the importing {ProjectServer} you must:

* Copy the generated content to an HTTP/HTTPS webserver that is accessible to importing {ProjectServer}
* Update your CDN configuration to *Custom CDN*
* Set the CDN URL to point to the web server
* Optionally set a SSL CA Credential if the web server requires it
* Enable the Repository
* Synchronize the Repository.

> endif::[]

Reviewer: Consider this a non-blocker, but I think we're under-selling the feature here. We should at least have a module that says "this is how you create your custom CDN before you configure Satellite Server to sync the content from it".

Reviewer: I'll look into it once we will have "Syncable Imports" available in Sat.

ifndef::satellite[]
You can use the generated content to create the same repository in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization using content import.
On importing the exported archive, a regular Content View is created or updated on your downstream {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see xref:Importing_a_Content_View_Version_{context}[].
endif::[]

> You can export the following content in a syncable format from {ProjectServer}:
> * File repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export the following content in a syncable format from {ProjectServer}:

* File repositories
```
For proper list rendering.

* Kickstart repositories
* RPM repositories

You cannot export Ansible and Docker content.

ifndef::satellite[]
You cannot export DEB repositories.
endif::[]

The export contains the following data:

> * Directories containing the rpms, *listing* files and metadata of each repository in yum format that could then be used synchronize in the importing {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Directories containing the RPMs, *listing* files and metadata of each repository in yum format that could then be used synchronize in the importing {ProjectServer}.
```

[id="Exporting_a_Content_View_Version_Syncable_{context}"]

> = Exporting a Content View Version in a Syncable Format

Reviewer 2: Please adjust the _anchor and file name_ to match the title aka `[id="Exporting_a_Content_View_Version_in_a_Syncable_Format_{context}"]`

> You can export a version of a Content View to an archive file from {ProjectServer} in a syncable format.

Reviewer: Why? When do I have to use the syncable format?
I wonder if we should describe the bigger picture of this scenario somewhere in the introduction.

Reviewer: Maybe we could elaborate on how the content is syncable after it's exported?
Also, this kind of export does not result in an "archive file" :)

So perhaps something like: "You can export a version... to a format that can be used to synchronize the content from a local custom CDN?"

ifdef::satellite[]

> You can then serve the generated content via a local webserver on the importing  {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can then serve the generated content via a local webserver on the importing {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.
```

> You cannot directly import Syncable Format exports. Instead on the importing {ProjectServer} you would need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot directly import Syncable Format exports. Instead, on the importing {ProjectServer} you must:
```

* Copy the generated content to an HTTP/HTTPS webserver that is accessible to importing {ProjectServer}
* Update your CDN configuration to *Custom CDN*
* Set the CDN URL to point to the web server
* Optionally set a SSL CA Credential if the web server requires it
* Enable the Repository
* Synchronize the Repository.
endif::[]

ifndef::satellite[]

> You can use the generated content to create the same repository in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization via content import.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the generated content to create the same repository in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization using content import.
```

On importing the exported archive, a regular Content View is created or updated on your downstream {ProjectServer}.

> endif::[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:Importing_a_Content_View_Version_{context}[].
endif::[]
```

Reviewer: FYI, there will be a special module for syncable import.

You can export the following content in a syncable format from {ProjectServer}:

> * RPM repositories
> * Kickstart repositories
> * File repositories

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* File repositories
* Kickstart repositories
* RPM repositories
```

> You cannot export Ansible and Docker content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

You cannot export Ansible and Docker content.
```

ifndef::satellite[]

> You cannot export DEB repositories

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You cannot export DEB repositories.
```

endif::[]

> The export contains the following data:
> 
> * Directories containing the rpms, listing files and metadata of each repository in yum format that could then be used synchronize in the importing {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The export of RPM repositories contains directories containing the packages, listing files, and metadata of each repository in Yum format.
You can use this information to import the content view version into {ProjectServer}.
```

Does this also apply to Kickstart and File repositories?

Reviewer: And I'd format `listing` as code to make it look like a literal.

Author: > Does this also apply to Kickstart and File repositories?

Listing files are generated for yum/kickstart only. In fact they are generated just for RH content not custom.

.Prerequisites

> 
> To export a Content View, ensure that {ProjectServer} where you want to export meets the following conditions:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* Ensure that you set download policy to *Immediate* for all repositories within the Content View you export.
For more information, see xref:Download_Policies_Overview_{context}[].
* Ensure that you synchronize Products that you export to the required date.
* Ensure that the user exporting the content has the `Content Exporter` role.

> .To Export a Content View Version

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can move the into the procedure below, add a `.Procedure` heading and make the step optional?

. List versions of the Content View that are available for export:
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# hammer content-view version list \
--content-view="_My_Content_View_" \
--organization="_My_Organization_"

> 
> ---|----------|---------|-------------|-----------------------
> ID | NAME     | VERSION | DESCRIPTION | LIFECYCLE ENVIRONMENTS
> ---|----------|---------|-------------|-----------------------
> 5  | view 3.0 | 3.0     |             | Library
> 4  | view 2.0 | 2.0     |             |
> 3  | view 1.0 | 1.0     |             |
> ---|----------|---------|-------------|----------------------
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We generally avoid interactive shell sessions throughout the docs.

Author: hmm i saw this kinda output here -> https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/modules/proc_exporting-a-content-view-version.adoc

I am open to removing from both if you are ok with it.

Reviewer 2: Removing both sounds like a good idea to me.

----

.Export a Content View version
. Get the version number of desired version.

> The following example targets version `1.0` for export.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example targets version `1.0` for export:
```
